Just like I'm about to sink
Just like I'm about to melt
Only the two of us at that night on the vast sky
It was only a simple "goodbye"
But it was all I needed to understand.
The sinking sun, the rising night sky
overlaps with your figure behind the fence
Ever since the first day we met
You stole my heart
Like you were wrapped in fragile air
You had a lonely gaze
Again and again in the world always ringing with "tick-tocks"
Touching the heartless words and loud voices
even if tears are about to spill
if it were the two of us together
I'm sure mundane happiness could be found
In the troubling days, for the never-smiling you
I give my utmost love in hopes for the dazzling tomorrow
In the never ending night before we fall
come and take my hand
Even the days that you hid inside, wanting to forget
I'll melt with the warmth of my embraces
No need to be afraid, until dawn comes someday
Let's be together
I hate it when you stare at the things only you can see
Like you're captivated by it
Or you're in love
I hate that expression
The things I want to believe but I can't
No matter what I do
They'll repeatedly appear and every time I'll get angry and cry
Even so, some day we'll surely
We'll understand each other
I believe in it
"I don't want this, I'm tired of it"
I frantically reach for your hand
but you push my hands away
"I don't want this, I'm tired of it"
To tell the truth, I want to say that too
In the world ringing with "tick-tock"s, again and again
none of the words I've prepared for you  reached you
"I want to end it all"
When I went along and said that
You smiled for the first time
In the troubling days I became unable to smile
The reflection of you in my eyes is truly beautiful
The overflowing tears on the never-ending night
all dissolve into your smile
In the never-changing days when I cried
You seduce me with your tenderness towards the end
Just like I'm about to sink
Just I'm about to melt
the staining fog dissipates
In the days that I hide inside wanting to forget
I take your hand as you extend it towards me
It's like the cold breeze is swimming through the sky
blowing through us
Don't ever let go of my hand
The both of us, racing into the night